Hurt people and want to leave
Brutal! Someone is stealing here!
Haven't you learned your lesson yet?
Give me back my stuff
Security, someone here stole fine jewelry
Come and catch him
I bought that thing
I clearly saw that you stole it and wanted to quibble
I'll tell you what.
Slander is against the law
Are you blind?
Let go of me bitch
Made me so miserable
I'm going to kill you today.
You are courting death
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Things are ok
What are you still doing?
Sorry, sorry.
Let you be wronged
I'll handle it.
Take it down
This happens, affairs are not managed properly.
As an apology
I'm at the revolving restaurant on the top floor for the two of you
Arranged a deluxe dinner for two
After the meal, a group of gifts and a bowl in the suite are also included
I wish you two a happy wedding.
No, you misunderstood us, baby.